# TheFoodieZone
# Ajay Kumar

# "TheFoodieZone" has been   developed to override   the  problems prevailing in the practicing manual system. this system is designed for the particular need of the restaurants to carry out operations in a smooth and effective manner.The application is reduced as much as possible to avoid errors while entering the data.It  also   provides  error   message  while entering   invalid  data.  No  formal  knowledge  is needed for the user to use this system. Thus, by this all it proves it is user-friendly.Online Food   Ordering  System,   as  described  above,  can  lead   to  error   free,  secure,reliable and fast management system. It can assist the user to concentrate on theirother   activities   rather   to   concentrate   on   the   record   keeping.   Thus,   it   will   helporganization in better utilization of resources.Every organization, whether big or small, has challenges to overcome and managing the information of Category, Food Item, Order, Payment, Confirm Order. Every Online Food Ordering System has different Food Item needs; therefore, we design exclusive employee  management  systems  that  are  adapted  to   your  managerial  requirements.This   is designed to   assist   in   strategic   planning and  will  help  you ensure   that   your organization is equipped with the right level of information and details for your future goals. Also, for those busy executives who are always on the go, our systems come with remote access features, which will allow you to manage your workforce anytime, at all times. These systems will ultimately allow you to better manage resources.
